and more arrivals to be part of summer
it matters to me
and now I
strong to give
How much do you know about Belgrano?
I know something but what
s
the foundation
because he plays very well
always with the common
students
the people who are always there I think that
something good that speaks well of the
team
it's very important and I think that
the team wants wants wants to be
always in first edition the country
it may have made you decide to come to
argentina córdoba really
the serious serious team like
aspects that play soccer very well
cute
and it is also
a team that wants to be that wants
fight things important things
always be in the first division
because
and I want to be here to help you
how can you help that you come
bring you come
while on the outskirts of the goals
how physically is attention to that
all the classmates all your
comrades have now done preseason
and I'm going to play some games like
you are to integrate and start the
championship
to the order
Coach
and we are ready to start that I think
good god first
play and be able to contribute as it should contribute
to each act